# TimothyBoyd.github.io
# 1. What are the key functions of GitHub? GitHub? Who are the users? Please use your ownwords to describe them (200 words – 300 words). 
Github is a platform that allows users to create repositories that can be shared with others. This domain is great for teams as each member can update, revise, or simply supervise the project from their devices. One of the best features about github is it's ability to host websites, being able to create a webbsite from scratch by coding in html allows the user to create websites varying from portfolios, to business sites. The target audience or users are teams of people that code cooperatively. Other users may be clients or people that provide these teams with their data. This shows off a great feature that holds so much appeal, which is having a space for someone to hold resources whether it be datasets, zip files or whole application files, github makes it easy for others to access and download. But as a whole the users of github consists of many different occupations. Teachers use github to share code with students, provide access to data, and even to aid students with their code. Students use github to learn the software, or practice programming. Businesses use github to create websites, store vital data within their companies, and or create teams that program, develop,  or input data and code. 
# 2. What are the differences between “clone” and “pull request” in GitHub?
Cloning a repository allows the user to create a local copy of all the files within your github project, allowing you to make remote changes on your device. "Pull Request" allows the user to update their code with a local repository, this allows users to discuss or test code before adding it into the main codebase.
# 3. Introduce ONE selected “Data Set” from the [awesome-datascience] GitHub with its
URL and describe its potential applications and values.
climatedata.us is a data set that provides the users data on the current climate and changes in the climate. This can be very useful as people want to stay updated or track climate change and global warming. They would also be able to use this coinciding with wild fire maps so that they may be able to track these fires and see how the climate plays a role in these natural disasters. 
# 4. Introduce ONE selected “free-data-science-book” with its URL and author/institute
information. Explain briefly why you are interested in this book.
I will be introducing "Introduction to social network methods" http://faculty.ucr.edu/~hanneman/nettext/ by Robert A. Hanneman and Mark Riddle. In this book they detail how they split their data and users into different categories and use this information to create connections and look for patterns. I find this information very interesting because social media and the technology we have contributes so much data. Whether it be through applications, websites, cloud data, or even the data that is stored locally on our phone. this data can be used in so many ways and is centered around human data.
